docs(eslint-plugin): [no-base-to-string] correct documented default for ignoredTypeNames (#12469)
typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint: packages/eslint-plugin/docs/rules/no-base-to-string.mdx

This is useful for types missing `toString()` or `toLocaleString()` (but actually has `toString()` or `toLocaleString()`).
There are some types missing `toString()` or `toLocaleString()` in old versions of TypeScript, like `RegExp`, `URL`, `URLSearchParams` etc.

> The following patterns are considered correct with the options `{ ignoredTypeNames: ["RegExp"] }`:

Reviewer: I meant to remove the whole duplication of `{ ignoredTypeNames: ["RegExp"] }`

```suggestion
The following patterns are considered correct with the default options:
```

Also, I edited my comment right after you opened the PR, before seeing this 😅:

> 
> IMO we can remove this part completely, as we already have the defaults in the first line and the duplication is unnecessary:
> 
>     Stringified type names to ignore. Default: ["Error","RegExp","URL","URLSearchParams"].
> 
> And maybe add more examples to the snippet, for Error, URL, and URLSearchParams

https://github.com/typescript-eslint/typescript-eslint/issues/12463#issuecomment-4850623310

Author: @StyleShit

I pushed right as your comment was mid-edit 😄 Caught up now though!

Done both:

- Dropped the duplicated { ignoredTypeNames: ["RegExp"] } wording. The line now just says “with the default options”, since the actual defaults are already listed above.
- Removed option= from the snippet as well, so it now runs against the real defaults. I also added examples for Error, URL, and URLSearchParams.

The snapshot has been updated, and all four default ignored types now come out clean

Thanks for the catch!
